Svd2rust exercise (#200)
ferrous-systems/embedded-trainings-2020: embedded-workshop-book/src/pac-exercise.md

# Generating and Using a PAC

> In this module you will learn how to generate a PAC (Peripheral Access Crate) from an SVD file, read it's documentation and write a small program that enables the UARTE0 register. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this module you will learn how to generate a PAC (Peripheral Access Crate) from an SVD file, read its documentation and write a small program that enables the UARTE0 peripheral. 
```
